Make docs more LLM friendly (#29566)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/docs/dagster-plus/features/authentication-and-access-control/scim/index.md

---

> description: SCIM provisioning in Dagster+ automates user and team sync from IdP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Automatically sync user information from your identity provider to Dagster+ and back with SCIM provisioning.
```
